alright everybody so it finally comes
down to this we're almost at the end of
the game we only got one red room to
navigate before we reach Dracula so this
is level 5 of castlevania 1 which is a
morgue coupled with some sort of torture
room I'll very warm and fuzzy there's
random skeletons and monkeys limiting
the place both of which give you the
plague whenever they actually hit you so
don't touch them no wonder that your
castle has no visitors Dracula your
castle has no concern for health care so
this is why you must be disposed of so
that you cannot infect people with your
ideals and your pores and so level five
is the longest level of the entire game
it's got full of enemies it got also
pretty tricky section and it's got those
red skeletons that never die you can
only bring them down over and over again
and you can also burn the remains yeah
yeah there's a lot of candle in the air
but you can sit them until you unless
you have the axe and they're probably
worthless anyway free we're moving on
after having burnt everything in our pad
the only way to rid the planet of this
disease is to burn everything all right
now we've got the hacks armor which you
can kill in one single shot of the holy
water as opposed to about 10 or 11 hit
with the upgraded whip they take a long
they take a lot of time to defeat but
whenever you've got the water they go
down very easily into morphing coal oil
by melting down so since the holy water
makes it way too easy I'm gonna switch
up to the X beside I didn't use the hex
ever since the first level of the game
so it's about time that I get used back
to the whole good old tool of the trade
the hexes uses are very powerful they
are you is in order to miss candles and
shut down skeletons into houses
and now we're moving on we're going to
church this how can we set an order for
potion that gives me gold and this is a
success oh yeah now we're going to fight
off this acts armor to legitimate way
now that I don't have any water and we
did and this apparently the birth place
for Frankenstein there's lot of a
helicron machinery around this part and
we're going up here but oh I for some
reason I think that there's something
and I'm here success there's a there's
another muddy baggie apparently somebody
built this platform and we fly this
money on the ground this castle is
really really weird and the weirdness
continuing as we stare into a wall and
get rewarded for effort with another
body bag excellent all right hacks armor
number two you better give a better
rematch because I really hate your
species and you're easy to kill even
though that keeps some time mix things
up by throwing axes up and down I can
feel the skeletons bread behind me
herwig what am I talking about this is
an undead character undead donut do not
have Brett they cannot breathe yeah all
right for now for the final part we're
gonna dispose of this axe armor here by
whipping it into some mission like I
whip all dragons in my sling and now
we've got the cross I'm going to do a
proper introduction to the cross because
the undie level were hired across so far
was the level where I had to kill nobody
damn you so brief I hate not being able
to kill and who is in this game you're a
jerk and I hope you suffer Brill not
pretty but I hope you still suffer
anyway so worth building up the power of
our cross because we're gonna need it
here but ah our this room of the entire
game you've got lots of medals ahead and
acts armor and you must do great you can
see move in order to avoid all of this
crap as well then continuing building up
our cross in order
for us to have an easier time against
the boss all right we've got another one
and the Medusa he'll never stop coming
and now all right we've got a fully
powered-up grass it was about time too
because we're gonna meet the most
annoying boss of the entire game apart
maybe from Dracula welcome to dead which
which loves to spawn random sickos in
the ER in the ground and the air that
you cannot avoid oh we're gonna spam the
out of the crosses and we're good
oh for us yeah here we go die dead
yeah I wanted to pronounce the suspense
a little bit but I killed him by
accident and now I pick up your by
accident then completed this level by
accident and I got a cruel fighting
cause by accident and another secret
life by accident no I'm gonna save my
progress by accident and oh oh is there
another cutscene I don't remember that
the Whizzer cut singer oh my god that's
Dracula yes dis indeed Dracula mortal
what the the game really talked to me
this is not a game you feeble weakling
this is Dracula
your master yeah you can't scare me
you've been dead since hundreds of years
you don't exist besides the real Dracula
the much cooler voice you sound like
some sort of hold retarded grumpy man if
I didn't exist how the hell will I be
talking to you right now wake up and
smelled coffee in the meantime I'm going
to drink your blood yeah whatever man
what do you want I just wanted to tell
you that I'm not impressed by your
little crusade against my army not at
all you think you're impressing people
by going through my castle telling
everybody why not getting hurt yes it
feels so damn good it's not yes it is
not it is it is yes it yes he is is it
no but oh you got me yeah this was
your first slip-up
now you still have to go through my
quarters and there's no way you can get
to them without getting hit I guarantee
it you you think so yes I have a very
special way to deal with intruders it
involves raising an army of eagles and
monkeys into a clock tower I'm a genius
that sounds like a really stupid plan
just you wait your little journey is
over now should you fail your foolish
quest I'll make you part of my army of
sellers men which will knock on
everyone's doors sell encyclopedias
about me you monster
having lovely night